Everyone is in a hurry .
My town is a medium - sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
When he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , pretending that she was tired .
The staff were really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were kind all the time .
It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on his way .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
Although it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words to her and pretended that she was crying .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train . I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was very relaxing . I had a day off when I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on his wife 's face .
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
This summer was really great .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert of the city .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my English . I began to ask " How can I improve my English ? "
I recommend you to try this kind of job if you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
She was shocked and apologized for a mistake she did not commit .
There is a commercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Lots of hugs and kisses . Please write soon
The quality of the products and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful of fakes or cheats .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
Love
The light bulb .
Everyone has his own plans .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
Giselle
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I want to avoid traditional education .
The light bulb was created in 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
This was one of the everyday inventions that affects our lives .
Some people want to be a doctor , others want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same as them . I want to become a journalist .
The best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
Edison is said to have created the first commercially practical incandescent light .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that owning a car will bring , it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by public transport .
I know that is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Why then are there still so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Working as a journalist is very exciting for many reasons .
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Alex , I and my friends are going to the cinema at the weekend .
Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
Edison began serious research into the incandescent light bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 .
Would you like to join us ?
I would say that this is because the public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
Next , I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friends with famous people . It 's interesting !
We are going to see an action movie .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
In my town , for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could get a bus .
If you want to join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a journalist .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live these days .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduced oil prices , The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the government give incentives for consumers .
To be a journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream come true .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In conclusion , I would really like politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and get around much more easily .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to do immediately . First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
Nowadays , each family has more than 1 car for each person , this is only one of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
At that moment , a big man came into the bedroom .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel by tram .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go long - distance than short journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now , if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
This man was his father , who was dead .
It is cheap and eloquence .
We were waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him to the hospital immediately .
Michael was very agitated and confused because he did n't understand anything .
Recently I saw a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I have been playing basketball on weekends since I was little .
He spoke with his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK , but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I was interested in whether I could write such an article and win a prize .
I 'm sure in the future there will be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
And I decided to try .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she had a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
I play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
They usually lack language and can not start a debate .
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
It is restrict to argue .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
I play with them in the playground .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
On the other hand , they might want to safeguard the national image .
I want to work in your cafe .
I like a lot of food and drink .
In today 's society .
I worked in a cafe last year in my country . I can work long hours .
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
The most people travel by car , because the public transport is not convenient for people to use .
Sincerely ,
MORE THAN KEEP FIT !
Tracy
Why did I choose it ?
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
Do you know about mountain biking ?
How are you ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
I want to be fit and have good health .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure has already been sent to service centers .
The general transport facilities can be divided into three types .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
You 're wrong .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
It became possible for me to run easily .
Carry on reading to know why !
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
On the land , the railroad and highway are the path through most city roads .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead of England .
I have been keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
On the sea , including the and port facilities .
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel different .
In the sky , including airplane flights and airport facilities .
Transport facilities and economic development have a close relationship , and utilized of land is more important .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
First , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
Sport is like drugs .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is very healthy for our bodies and for our minds .
The main reason why I wanted to try it was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Every day , there are many articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
If you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
When integration of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to use .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to do any difficult job .
I am going to write about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Consequently , I realized that although cycling outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
Even if you do n't lose weight , you can gain endurance and flexibility .
Although we do n't realise it , we have to be conscious
People will look at your figure enviously .
When I am in water , I feel free and very hastily .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to look for a good mountain bike .
Describe your bedroom .
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
My bedroom is quite big .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you also do a lot of exercise .
It 's important to avoid accidents , be comfortable and have a good journey .
The walls of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
Some years ago , we did n't use technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone get in a pool !
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weekend to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
some people who ca n't live without it .
My other advice is that I am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
I live in São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
All of us have a good time .
I promise you that it will be this way .
And I would like to encourage everybody to try it .
In conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve your life .
Nobody will regret it .
I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
In my city , protecting the environment is so difficult .
It 's normal
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
Start and then you can explain to me how you are .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it has not worked .
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
Lucy Keyes
About Me
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me Chris .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
I do n't recommend it to children under thirteen years old ,
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment ; for example , the council stopped the garbage collection when the new mayor took over the council .
To sum up , although we do n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13th of July .
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
I was born on Friday the 13th ; that 's funny .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for your mind .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in the last 10 years was over because of the new political position of the mayor .
It also helps us in our studies .
I was adopted from South Korea .
I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , who move into a farmhouse that is mysterious and
I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
scary .
It is so stupid because the environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Third , we have not founded a green policy to eliminate rubbish .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Instead of using selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , we have used a dumpfill that is contaminating the soil .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
from a story their mom often reads .
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter to throw away garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
I have 1 sister . Her name is Tina . She is annoying .
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able to study .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
The story actually takes place in a camp and a farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
In that case , chess would help him . It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forget it . I am good at teasing my little sister and I am proud of it .
In conclusion , in my city , concern for the environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
Local transportation is one of the most serious problems in our area .
The environment is our surroundings . There is no awareness in our locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers , and the same ones too as the
They do n't care about the environment because it does n't give anything to them .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive ,
so the government must take action to make it easier .
I am looking forward to Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends . We 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
story she read .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local transport and how they can preserve it .
My favorite is Narnia .
Management accounting practice is very important for an organization for making decisions about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings , the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
The government must save gasoline and jazz to solve the problem .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their work . Therefore , they choose good programmes and employees .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the lake .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
They must find a solution to this difficult problem .
I was in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
They must maintain the roads .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
People also have an important role in solving this problem .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
I like everything from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
leisure time together .
They should conserve energy by using buses instead of using their own cars .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
They can also walk or ride a bike .
Dear husband ,
I watch a few tv - series , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see an episode .
He booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on him .
I hope you 're fine .
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
I like the restaurant we ate at when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want to .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like TV games and Lego .
I had never felt so nervous !
I remember all of you and miss my family .
I thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning . That is my favourite sport .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talking English " when I speak English .
Leaving my country , Somalia , was very hard for me .
I know that I have not written it but I have a brother .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is good for your health .
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythm of the music louder and louder . This gives me high energy each time I go spinning .
There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
I mean when he wants something he just says give me that .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
I have two parents , like most people .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you have a good time , go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do something such as propaganda to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so on .
The more sport you do , the better you feel . Indeed , your mood will not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
My mum 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
We should clean our area to attract visitors and introduce to many other countries in the world . Let 's protect our lung .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
Hi , today I 'm gon na talk about myself .
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so well , so I do n't read very hard books with hundreds of pages .
The advantages they get are the following : they do n't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
I really like to travel , but I like it most when I travel with friends .
I'm 13 years old .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resources like petrol .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , and I 'm in grade nine .
I a very good experience .
I like to speak English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , so I speak Swedish there .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is no doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling by car .
I love to travel with my family .
I have 9 sisters , with me we are 10 girls , and 9 brothers .
Travelling with family is different to travelling with friends .
My favourite lessons are the Swedish lessons because I like to write stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
The process for making bank notes can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
My family lives in a
I really love learning English language & French language and Spanish language , and I speak Arabic .
First , the bank notes are considered how to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Hi Daniel ,
I do not travel so much with my friends .
I have only traveled two times .
Then , they are prepared by skilled machinists .
My dear Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe myself so you will be able to recognize me when we meet at the train station .
Are you studying mathematics for your exam ?
Those two times were with the orchestra that I play in .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
The notes have special ink with colour on both sides , which raises images slightly .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and yellow shorts .
The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven .
At that time , I did not know anybody , just one person .
Kind Regards ,
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city .
I have just finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope you like them .
With all my love
Rafael
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
Victoria .
Her name is irixhi .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
It keeps our bodies strong .
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I never imagined the way that I was going to know them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
He likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . We really had a good time .
I 'm a happy , energetic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really suits us .
I enjoy running .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
It is the kind of thing that anybody can do and it affects all parts of the body .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
Bye
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
It was too hot there .
Marisa
I literally feel stronger after every time I run .
A flat world is created by the internet .
This summer several things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brought me the most memories this summer .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stayed in the same room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
We can get knowledge more easily and we learn more easily , too .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
We got there at five o'clock . We had not yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , which was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
Then we went to Taxco .
This is the power of information technology .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
They help us to communication with the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose more time for many other interesting things .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
There we visited the central park and we stayed in a very luxurious hotel .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I take a quick shower .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication .
We were very happy there . We really liked Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
After school , I like to eat fresh fruit .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incredible experience that I will never forget .
On the other hand , we still have a lot of other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
The government should raise taxes to pay for the service .
Then we returned to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , even go into space on a tour .
I am keen on running during the night time .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
In my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
And if we compare the money you spend on a car and the amount that you spend on public transport , it is less .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refreshed after something like that .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Secondly , if you use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive late for work in this situation .
I like biathlon .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrated to the north every Monday .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
I believe that using your car has a lot of advantages or benefits . It is more comfortable and less expensive .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture of the city , and did a lot of bad things .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for our feeling , our health and our finances , too .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn some money .
The drawback of this work is the very big salary and I think that I will work at this cinema next summer .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , but it is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it will be easy or anything like that .
None of the people knew what that was , so they did n't care about it .
My favourite sport is yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
How can I help the environment ?
But when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys . For example : wind , light fog or freezing temperatures . All of these are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy as it seems .
That 's why I like it .
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
Yoga calms and vitalizes body and mind .
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
This sport is for real men .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planted soon they will never grow again .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
And also most of them are very attractive . A big advantage for girls , who like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is the reason why we are going to plant 1000 trees there .
We can do it at any time we like .
He was spoiling all the people 's crops , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
That is what everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , he was undercover in another monster 's body .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
Public transport has improved regional development in the past decade . It 's convenient and necessary for city life .
You can learn correct postures in classes .
Using public transport can be difficult , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time . That is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , but public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantage is not so good , actually .
( In those times , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him ; he was the number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years . Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections , but they still do n't have it .
And , there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if we could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man has been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
Well , whatever your choice is , it must be perfect for your daily life !
In their laboratories , they had a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
The result is much less work and a better life .
They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
Whatever you use , have a nice trip !
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
Dear Jo
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air for our kids .
The scientists that were making the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences as an English student for many years .
Build public transport in a city , not in the country .
I read your letter . I would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
My favorite sport is Cricket .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
I have needed to use English a lot of times during my professional activities . For that reason I took some English lessons many years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going to continue searching for some part - time jobs .
Cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spanish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find out what the ending of this film would be .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
See you when you arrive in Mexico City
It is really great .
Sincerely
Currently , I 'm working as a teacher at the university and teaching in English is my goal .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , who was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
Today we have cleverer cricketers and more famous umpires than other countries .
What 's more , the plot is easy to understand .
Uriel
The story took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
Nowadays , people are constantly on the move .
I 'm a teacher of chemistry and math too .
In addition , the costumes , make - up and special effects the story .
It is very valuable .
Is it better to use public transport or private transport ?
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
However , the soundtrack was awful ; it did n't get having a scared .
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want to have a good time , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But those countries are very developed and they have many facilities .
I also work as a freelance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my income .
But does it actually have a future ?
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
I 'm writing now without using a dictionary and doing this composition without translating from Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a bus , wait for a train , etc .
We have no facilities like other countries .
You should take advantage of that !
I hope you can help me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team won the World Cup in 2014 .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public transport in our society .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my first time writing over 50 words )
It is very important opportunities in our country .
Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
Milton Morales
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
So I think I can enjoy cricket more than other games .
When we ask ourselves how we can take care of the environment ,
I like to work out on push up bars .
You can start playing cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought about food or clothes ?
Also , it has to be said that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in the fresh air .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
Today we have lots of sports .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
Perhaps when we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant for a bag or something similar to carry this food or other things home .
Transport is important , but a car is more reliable for families if they travel together without waiting for transport .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to shop in each shop , we wo n't use more plastic or paper .
Volleyball , netball , Elle , table tennis , Karate , etc .
It is more flexible and a lot of fun for a family .
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
But we should n't forget the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or public transportation more .
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
But they are not famous and we ca n't go to everywhere in the world .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
Also , in the same way , we should walk to our destination .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizens .
It was fun because we learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
If we are working with someone in the same job who lives near us or is our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
But cricket is very famous and we know many cricketers .
This has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc .
We can be famous and earn more money .
The governments are also important for taking care of the environment .
Cricket is better for our health than other games .
I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
They should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve the habits of the population .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " Legend " , " Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
I myself , seeing the river filled with garbage , always seem to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
I love sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India . My parents are farmers like most other villagers .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You could be a good cricketer .
On the weekend I stayed at home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . I laughed a lot because of the things that the characters said .
You do not what to do ?
The other things I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by carbon dioxide and other chemicals .
The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
The only playground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rocks and not good for playing any sports .
Are you a tourist ?
We saw " If I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia who had a car accident with her family .
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
When I was a child I helped my father with his jobs after school .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
If I am right , continue reading this .
I watched most of the matches .
And also , besides the river , the road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
Garbage everywhere .
The condition of my country is really critical , I think .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shops , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that now I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
Her father and her mother died before they got to the hospital .
Sachin and Ganguly were my favorite cricketers . I love their batting .
Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
But for some of them you have to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
Later in the week , I spent the day drawing .
Hi ,
A MISTAKE
And the amount of the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in the city .
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
There are a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the high - rise buildings ' section .
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
I drew a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
I wonder if the citizens in my country and town could make a better environment by throwing garbage away in the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
That was a special family ; it was so big . His father has 6 brothers , so he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
The next few days I did n't do much .
I worked backstage at a rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
In total , there were 32 people , a white kitten and a dog .
And government , please do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
I just slept and watched movies at home .
Yes , be strict .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get bored , when they heard a girl calling them to board the plane .
I applied to a music club in our city and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizens to be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
The day before I started school , I did an investigation for literature class .
Michael usually had a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
I suppose the government have also studied this situation .
This was what I did in my vacation . I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacation .
But they did n't do that much after finding out this truth .
What was my job ?
Mostly I helped others and carried stuff .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't like that .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
I 'm from Mramorak .
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Serbia is my country where I have been living for 24 years .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be really happy .
When the big family got off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; it was boiling ! !
I hope I will do that again sometime .
If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Then they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm ,
See you around
She looked happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friends what had happened .
Steve
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as you readers think .
Hi Jo ,
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she had fallen in love with , had written a letter to her .
Some minutes later , they designated how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
That night , the dog , the kitten , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
So , let 's start .
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dwellers towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at her .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kitten during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
The boy felt very embarrassed , so he carried on on his way and he did not say anything to her .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
Alison always thought : " If I had not told this story to my friends I would have spent all evening with Juan "
I think that there is a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
If you visit Taiwan , you ca n't miss the temples here .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people here .
There are so many temples here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to the others .
Like with other things , prices increase , from food to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
The service is really great .
If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
So , now there is a chance for you to play the god .
Swimming has always been my favourite sport .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitating the faces and posing as gods " .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to learn to swim and it became my favourite activity when I was really tired .
You feel like you are at home !
But let 's talk about working there .
Here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
Curious ?
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
Warm candlelight and small tables with patterned table cloths create a friendly atmosphere .
Just come and give it a try !
I was with my sister and my friends and I had a wonderful time .
I think paying expensive taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as buses , the subway , etc .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
Take care
Ola
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems with the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for me .
I believe it is suitable for our class
Public transportation will rich , so we can build more stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Hi Paty .
Recently , I found a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
So , my favourite sport at the present time is street workout . I have been doing this sport for a long time already .
Therefore , the traffic will be better .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
Dear Sir / Madam
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
For beginners in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this does n't stop me .
I am an English student and I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
I do n't know why , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercise .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
There are lots of problems in our life .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
For those people who want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to start with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronic engineering .
For example , transport .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate at home , with my family and some friends .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the job advertised .
These are all basic exercises and they will help you make a good start .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love fashion very much , like shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses , cars , subways , trains or taixs .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready for more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and committed .
May Maybe they are comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or average .
I do sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
This summer was the best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
In applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
I have a great time with them .
Cars and buses become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My view of eating habits .
But not now .
Yours faithfully ,
What 's the reason ?
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Alessandro Costa .
Because of mind .
I think public transport is very important .
Why do we have a fridge in every single home ?
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
There is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
I went to the beach . We loved it .
A plane may take about 16 hours .
Why ..... ?
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences run around my head , but how to write them down correctly ?
How can I use it ?
I like English because it is very important to know other languages to communicate with other people and if I go to another country it is very important to know English .
Every day people think about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food . Why ?
How can I force my kids to do their homework ?
A car may take days or months for the same distance .
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habit ?
I think that it is very interesting and I like it .
How can I explain to them ?
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner .
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
What happened to us ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
Dear penfriend ,
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable minds are a reference to their hobbies - reading .
I remember that my childhood was very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hand , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Michael got married to his close friend only one month ago .
Really , I tell you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
Hello , how are you ?
The metro is the most comfortable means of transportation in Moscow .
I hope this letter finds you well .
But his mother hated his wife and always shouted at her .
So we can start from the beginning : first , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
In contrast , his wife respected and loved his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
Second , was lunch at school with something like a sandwich and some fruit .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my last summer .
Using overground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
Later I was at home at dinner time and had some dessert .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
Can you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it if my friend Lucy had n't encouraged me .
Because of this , he always defended his mother and always said the wife was the one responsible .
My " private menu " included fresh food like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not used to keeping this line free .
His wife decided , because she loved him , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Now , I am a 28-year - old woman who does n't have time for normal dinner because I 'm very busy .
One day when Michael was out at work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting for Michael .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , but more often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to work .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
During the day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junk food .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
She went to the train station and got a ticket to London .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
She stood there and read the note again . The address was near to Big Ben .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
When the train came she smiled and got on and sat down .
She turned her head and saw him . " He was following me " , she thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here " .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
" What are you doing here " asked Alison . He looked at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
However , many of them are not ready for this .
First of all , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapter for students .
From this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
However , many of them are not ready for this .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
It changes the person in a different way too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of the world .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel ; they start to work .
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
It changes the person in a different way too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and the conversation in the social life with other students .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
They can not enjoy this chapter with young and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest action to take .
Be careful and choose well .
It is a big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
Whatever the choice is , it will leave a mark on their lives forever .
Be careful and choose well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
The future of public transport will be measured on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometimes people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But the main concern will be technology .
But the main concern will be technology .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
Technology is becoming more advanced .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
A car is being made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it is more
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
Many people say that , at school , all students have to start a sport and do it regularly .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all afternoon for other subjects and free time is very scant .
As an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active so our body can get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
Dear Sir ,
products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
products list ( I suppose it has been sold out ) .
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
will be available again ?
will be available again ?
Thank you in advance for the information .
Yours faithfully
Thank you in advance for the information .
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
Yours faithfully
They would consider you as an independent person .
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
They would consider you as an independent person .
However , they are not my friends .
Accordingly , you would take responsibility for what you did .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons why they are not , as follows .
I do everything , but nothing .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
I do everything , but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
I am overwhelmed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for education .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
There is one argument that says that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
The main reason for this is that TV teaches us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It is definitely also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV ,
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat well .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
Football is the favourite sport in the world .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
It was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons why people really enjoy soccer so much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my heart and helps me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person has .
It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be in the next 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
A complicated ways from before , advanced technologies make it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect ?
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stealing .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
It is like you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more common each day and this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
The culture is changing in this way . Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
Eating habits in my country have really changed in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
it 's r is n't clear completely , but I suppose it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of the week .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
Now , we forget big dinner tables that are surrounded by family members .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and other media that are easily accessible for all people these days .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I have ever been .
That was the best place I have ever been .
We went to New York for four days .
We went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
While I was in the bathroom , my cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
It was a well planned holiday .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
They searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
They were very excited and could n't wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
About one month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
One day before going , Michael suddenly had a problem .
He needed to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John were very angry .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
Adam and John were very angry .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
His mother heard what had happened .
They needed to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
His mother heard what had happened .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
She tried to have a calm talk with her son in his room .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it is not settled very well .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
After all the wise advice , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
Michael tried to think wisely again .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
He accompanied his mother to his room 's door .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
she was absolutely fine .
He called his friends back and managed to sort out the mess .
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
I respect him so much and admire him also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
she was absolutely fine .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's life .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my father .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
I respect him so much and admire him also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
He always helps me by giving good advice .
He is a fluent speaker .
That 's why I admire him .
He is an ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
He is a fluent speaker .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
That 's why I admire him .
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have not made any mistakes in my life .
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
I have made many mistakes I guess .
But is that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does it really not matter ?
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
Or do you really regret what you have done ?
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
Travelling by car plays an important role in our lives .
There is a lot of private transport in the streets .
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
Public transport has a timetable .
The other side of the problem is ecological .
This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
Private transport gives us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
We get nervous because we are responsible not only for our lives but for other people 's , too .
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is very important for our lives .
And , also , we have to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
The other side of the problem is ecological .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
It is more fun when we travel by car .
What can we say about our ecological awareness ?
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Public transport is more boring .
Transport is very important for our lives .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Public transport will have no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport is not suitable for luggage .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
Dear Jo ,
It is more fun when we travel by car .
How are you ?
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
I am sure that you will love this country !
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island , see the beautiful night view on the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
I am sure that you will love this country !
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
Ta
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you could teach English for a summer school .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses in the summer holidays .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
I will get some information for you if you are interested in that .
Write to me when you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
