Everyone was into ; a hurry .
My town is a medium - , sized city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
When he came , his mothering asked him to upping quickly , pretended , that she was tired .
The staff were really , interesting and helps me all the time and the customers are kind all the time ;
It has a high , density population because started of its small territory and
He saw his wife but said no about to started her and continued on his time .
It learnt lots of things , started such with dealing with money and tickets and watched movies for free .
started There is no difference if you use a it or a bus .
Although it is is an industrial city , there are many shops and department Store .
His wife walked behind him until they reached home but his mother claimed that his wife said cruel words is to her and pretend that she were crying .
for example , American public transport is has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean it comes at an exact time , like a train .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it was vey relaxing . I have a day off when I spent time is at home or going to the gym , where I met handsome guys .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the center of the city which is past surrounded by park .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed bruises on past wife 's face .
That 's my dream " when I joined the faculty languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my past dream .
This summer was really past great
Pasteries are very common and most of to offer the special it dessert of the city .
to He fired it his wife after insulting .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my English . I to began to ask it " How can I improve my English ? "
I recommend you to try this kind job it if you want to earn extra to money and also meet new people .
She was shocks and apologized for a mistake she did not commit it .
There is a commercial zone It along the widest street of the city where you can find all kinds of businesses : banks . barring , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , grocers , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
But mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June August .
all of the answers were , " you have to listen and read so you could It write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself . I began to join groups on Facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others . I followed them immediately ,
Michael closes door and knew at that moment he had , made a mistake .
Lots of hugs and kisses It . Please write soon
The quality of the products , and services is quite good , because there is huge competition . However , I recommend you be careful fakes or cheats .
I am on my way to improving my English . I ask Allah to guide me the right way .
Love
light bulbs
Everyone 'd own plans
My dream that I , want to open a Center to Language Learning ,
, Giselle
to teach children and adult in country good English , I want to avoid traditional education .
The light bulb is created into to 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
In this essay I would to highlight how a wide range from public transport can help people to save a bit of money a lot of stressful hours stuck in traffic jams .
This was of the everyday inventions affects our life .
Some people want to be a doctor . others want to to be the teacher .
I have my own plan too , I do n't want to be the same liked them I want to become a journalist .
The best thing that can encourage me to opens to this center is that I have 5 friends in my country who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think the they will be very happy about joining me in my center .
Edison is let said to have created new the first commercially practical incandescent brighter .
First , as everybody knows , the cost of fuel is increasing more and more . Adding to that the bills that own a car will bring . it becomes immediately clear that it is cheaper to get around by to public transport .
knew is a really amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
He neither the nor the only person tried to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Why then are there still many person who prefer to drive their own car instead of sitting comfortably on the train or on the tube reading favorite book on their way to work ?
Some historians claim there were 20 other inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
Working as a journalist is very exciting new for many reasons let ,
took www.bulbs.com )
First will 's an opportunity to living abroad .
Alex let , I and my friends now are going to the cinema at the weekend .
Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
Edison began serious research met the incandescent lights bulb in October of 1878 , and his original design was in 1879 ;
Would you liked joining ?
I would say which let this is because the new public transport is not so efficient as it should be .
Next I will have a chance to attend big parties or events and I can make friend famous people . It 's interesting !
We are going to see an action movie .
Edison and his research team made his discovery commercially and create a societies called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
In my town for example , I have waited for up to forty minutes before I could a bus ,
If you wants join us we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Finally , appear will have a high salaries when I am a journalist .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would leave their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
I think this is the most useful invention because without this we ca live like lives these days .
Secondly , the environment would improve . As far as I can see , the pollution caused by traffic is ruining monuments and make air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned . Obviously , the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where want to go .
Public transport has no future . The crisis in 2008 has reduces oil prices , The oil is cheap now nice new cars are more efficient and the government gave incentives for consumers .
To be a journalist , I must studying very hard ; so I 'll try to learn into order to meet my dream come true .
Peter being looking his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In conclusion , I would really liked politicians who care about public transport to improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicle at home and get 's much more easily .
In future , I a journalist .
one day in October . Michael , a boy who been studying architecture discovered a box with a messaging . While he was opening the box , he heard a door open .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I did n't know what to on do immediately , First , I calmed myself down and I checked his pulse . It was okay . Then I knew that he was out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he was not moving , so we decided to take him to the hospital or call an ambulance . Finally we called an ambulance without delay .
The happening is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient ; absolutely everyone will goes everywhere by car , and the roads willing become chockablock .
Nowadays , family has more than 1 cars for each person , this is only one have of several reasons why people use less public transport .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us The reason was our college location is quite far from the city . That 's why it was late .
At moment , a big men came the bedroom
You man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefer to travel tram ;
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the fares are more expensive and a big difference from the past am that it is less expensive to go long - distance than on short journeys .
I remember to go from my town , Palermo , to Milan was about 340 pounds . Now if we are lucky , we can get to New York .
This man been father 's . who was dead .
It is cheap be and eloquence
We waiting patiently . Finally , the ambulance arrived and took him for the hospital immediately ;
Michael was very agitated on and confuse because he did n't understand anything .
Recently I sees a very interesting announcement into International Sports Monthly magazine .
I have been playing basketball onto weekends since I on was little .
He spoke his father and he asked him why he was there , and his father replied that he had the biggest secret about his family .
In England where I live , in Bedford . we use the train a lot to go to the most important towns in the UK ; but the trains are very expensive . Me and my family are careful to go off peak because the prices are too high .
I also like to play baseball too .
I was interested in whether I could write such an can article and be prize .
I 'm sure in the future there willing be cars that are able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
And I decided to try .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , but she is a reason . He was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , we went to another city . "
I play basketball and baseballs like there are tomorrow .
But Michael does not believe this story and he think that he was crazy ,
Furthermore , the biggest can group positive feeling students in the present is live with variety nationalities .
I usually play baseballs with a group of my friend ,
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English fluently .
This situation was impossible because his father was dead and , at that can moment , he ran and opened the door and his father said " You must stay here , because I must speak with you more and explain why I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a fault
Nowadays a healthy just way of life is very popular with most people all finished the world ,
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
They ususally lack language just and can n't start a debate
And likes me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
It is restrict to argue
is my favourite now kind of sport ?
can play with them in a playground .
I ca n't imagine life without sports .
On the other hand , they would want Now safeguard the national image .
I want to works to your cafe .
I a lot of foods and drink .
On today is society .
I worked in Now a cafe years in my country . I can work long hours .
's ordinary bodybuilding that
In order to giving a good image of show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have great pardon to other nationalities ,
The most people travel by car . because the public transport is not convenient for people to use
Sincerely
MORE THAN KEEP FIT
Tracy
Why web did I choose .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are bigger so is the transport Now had not published to anywhere .
it which know about mountain biking
How are web that ?
Perhaps think it 's only a sport ,
I want be fit get good health
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number . It could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure been sent to service centers .
The general transport facilities can divided in three types .
I lost several kilos and could time wear my favourite clothed .
You 's faulty .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defective parts should being sent to Slovakia with effect from time 01/06/2015
It became possible for me to run easily .
Carry it on reading to understand why !
if any more shipments are returned uses our old TNT account number , there is no option other than to invoice the service center for not following instructions .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to it sit on home and watch TV .
On 's land , the railroad and web highway are the path most city roads .
So , please advise all service centers to return defective parts to Slovakia instead it many England .
I 'm been keen on mountains biking from three years ago
On sea including and port facilities ,
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active as will feel different .
In skied , including airplane flights and time airport facilities .
Transport facilities and economic developments have a close relationship , and utilized of land been more important .
Nowadays , sported is the very important part of our life
You will forget doctors and expensive medicine ,
First , I tried it with rental bike of an area of Aznalcazar .
His development of the railroad and it highway are easy to pulished , but the construction of seaports and airports must with congenital condition .
Sport is and drugs .
Many doctors recommend the practicing of sport , because it is more healthy for our bodies and for our minds
The main reason why and I wanted to try it to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
Every day there are many and articles and news items that talk about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
you do n't have exercise for a long time , your body write feel something unusual .
when integration of the economy land planning are accomplished , the public transport facilities will be convenient for people to used in
But , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while was doing sport ,
My favourite sports is swimming , as soon as you first this sport , you feel better .
Your muscles be strong and I 'll be able to do any difficult job
I am go writing about how life is going to change in the next 50 years .
Consequently , I realized although cycling outside helped me improve my fitnesses , really I was most breathing fresh air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
Even if you don losing weight , you gain endurance and flexibility .
Although we do and n't realise it , we to be conscious
People will your figure enviously .
When I am in water . I feel free so hastily
If someone wants to take up this sport first of all , I would recommended him her to look to a goods mountain bike .
very Describe the bedroom
that every day is a day if we compare it with the there that does just passed .
My bedroom 's quite big .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but you ca a lot very of exercise .
It 's important to avoid accidents , very be comfortable and have a journey ,
The walls bedroom white and the floors is dark grey .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired . It is different ; at the same time , it is fantastic !
Secondly , he or she should buy a good helmets and , of course , appropriate clothing .
Some years ; we did n't technology to get in touch with friends to family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
My advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little willpower , because , for example in winter , you will not want for go to the gym let alone in a pool !
In my bedroom there a brown bed , a yellow chest of drawers , a little light on brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
I love this sport . I look forward weekend to go out with my bike and my groups of friends
On the wall there are some pictured of my family , but I do n't have any posters .
a who n't live without it .
other advice is that I on am absolutely sure that you will feel wonderful and happy ! May be not the first time , but definitely later .
I live São Carlos in the countryside of São Paulo , in Brazil .
All of us have a good time .
I promise you that it willing be this way .
And I would like to encourages everybody to try it .
conclusion , sport is absolutely necessary and useful for you to be able to improve life .
Nobody regret it
I very am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our living
In my city , protecting environment I is so And difficult .
It were normal
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado close to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area is used to construct a new university building .
Start and then you can explain to And me how I are .
We have done several movements . but sometimes it has not worked ;
the next 50 year it is going change .
Lucy And Keyes
About Me
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I saw .
Hi my name am Christian but my friends call me Chris .
There will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot good things , but on maybe some bad things too .
I do n't recommend it for child under thirteen years olds ,
Secondly , the council does n't care about the environment . for example to , the council stopped the garbage collection when new mayor took over the council ,
To sum up , although we done n't want our life to change , it is normal that it will undergo different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to that we are getting .
am 13 year old to , my birthday was the 13th of July .
because to it 's difficult for understand ; example , the characters are .
Lucy , Molly , and there their parents ; cowboy , and a teacher ,
there I 's born on Friday the 13th ; think 's funny
My favourite sport is And chess because it is the only game for your mind .
It demonstrated that the effort that was made in last 10 years was over because there of the new political position of The mayor ;
It also helps us in our studies .
was adopted from south Korean
I agree that it was not a physical exercised but a mental ones .
the movie is about Lucy family , who put into farmhouse that is mysterious and
I like to play football and floorball , I also like to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games
scary
it is stupid and environment needs to be more important than political positions .
Third , we have not founded green policy to eliminate rubbish .
There many physical exercises . like swimming , but to name any game except chess that makes our minds sharp .
Also reflecting comparison of Lucy 's family and people
I are sence at floorball and as at football .
Instead of using selective collection garbage or recycling of materials , or a sanitary landfill , are have used a dumpfill that is contaminate the soil .
times I played golf and think it 's pretty fun . I like to be out in our sail boat .
like many other game , but the there best one is that .
from a story their moms reads ,
Finally , the population , most of the time , does n't matter with throw away garbage onto street or in a prohibited area .
I not saying we should always play chess time as physical activities are she important .
I have all 1 'm sister . Her name is Tina until . She is annoying and
The reason why I would recommend someone this sport is that children who are not interested in their studies or would not be able study .
She 's 9 or 10 years olds . do n't really know .
The 'm story actually takes until place all in a camp and any farmhouse , mysteriously
use in times .
In that case chess would him . It would make the everychild 's mind sharp and he would not get distracted by his surroundings .
I like being in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do n't like homework but I do n't forgotten it ? I am good at teases my little sister and I am proud about it .
In conclusion 'm , in my city , concern all for `` environment 's protection is not working as it should for the protection of soil , environment and health until .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's moms discovered a walling in their farm , that
Local transportation is of the most serious problems in our areas ,
The environment been our surroundings . There is no awareness in locality . They are busy with their own work . No one focuses on or sees what is happening in our town . They usually speak about how hot it is today , but they do n't know what makes it this hot . I am interested in planting trees and making our surroundings clean . Some people used to burn the forest as if the forest is useless . Man is greedy because all the things we get from the forests are free .
even I have also got a cat . Her name is Chelsea . My favorite food and fillet of beef , scallops use and maybe sushi .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like hers 's and use the same ones too even as the
They do n't care about the environments because on does n't give anything to them .
all The until local transportation has become difficult and expensive m ,
so government musts take action to make it easier .
I am looking forward Friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends word We 're going to view " Let 's be cops " .
story read what
Public media also must educate people in the importance of local one and how they canning preserves it ,
and favorites is Narnia ,
Management accounting practice use is very important for an organization for even making decisions about human resources 's sales , marketing and potential customers .
I recommend this movie feel to teenager older than thirteen year old ..
I do n't that Narnia . but my favorite movie is probably 22 Jump Street , Lord of the rings the tv - show Suits , The Walking Dead and maybe South Park and Family Guy .
and government must even save gasoline and jazz to solve use the problem .
Most organizations know how management accounting practice affects their . Therefore , they choise good programmes and employers .
The good place to young in our area is without doubt the lake .
I been good at floorball and not as good football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out in our sail boat .
Here they can many kinds from sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , sunbathe and listen to music .
must gather a solution to this difficult matter .
I was in the USA current year , first in order to look for a job like a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new worlds .
I do n't like to read but I want music , Music .
We musts maintains the roads .
I like a lot of artists and a lot of different music genres .
In the summer the lake , there are thus lot concerts that you have difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the schools are closed for ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have a lot of time to spend their
I spent about two years there , but my wanted to backed to Italy because I missed my home .
People are have an important role in solving problems .
At first , I called a travel agent but he said he would n't be able to book me a flight for two months , so I called my brother who heavily regrets me for not having told him about the trip , and told me he would book a flight sooner than that good - for - nothing travel agent .
I like everything from me pop , electronic , hip hop to 's calm music .
's me leisure time together
They should conserve energy by using buses instead from their own cars .
I believed him , but I did n't know how wrong I was .
They can also walk or ride a bike .
Dear master
I watch a few tv - week , but I watch them on the internet , so I am not trying to the clock to see an episode .
He booked me the flight but I did n't pay to it , because at that moment he had n't got enough cash on .
experience I hopes i 're fine
The worst thing was finding that out at the airport .
I like the restaurant eats we when we were on a ski - vacation experience in Champoluc .
The government must maintain the public transportation to It safe .
We can solve this problem if we want to .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I liking also tv games Lego .
I had me never 's felt nervous !
also I remember all from you miss my family ,
I thought that writing an article 's on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers . Above all , and regardless of the sport you have chosen , it is paramount to do some sport , whatever sport you choose such as spinning . That me is my favourite sport .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little Japan brother just says stop talking English " when I speaking English .
Leaving my country , Somalia ; was very Japan hard me ,
I I have not written it but I have a brother .
My piece of advice for taking up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which good for your health ,
environment is always in hurting problem in the world .
I miss big house , I do n't miss the guns .
He is 9 year old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the , time .
I hope to return to my countries and see you , again .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling rhythm of the music louder and louder . This can me high energies each time I go spinning experience .
There are company so experience much , they , they home life polluting .
I mean when wants all something he just body says give me that .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of body the all Powers of Europe , and new nations were born
I having and parents , like most people .
If you want to start doing some sport , first of all , about how much time you are willing to spend to it , then tries once and if you have a good time , also go ahead and make the most of your time enjoying the sport . Nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed with these years of unrest ;
To take care of the environment , each of has with do something such as propaganda also to the people in the country . About my village , we use banana leaves instead of nylon , dispose of garbage sensibly ... and so onto .
The more sport you do , the better you felt . Indeed , your mood will not be blued Japan anymore and your body will thin and gorgeous .
My mum the 's name is Jenny and my dad 's name is Rikard and they are the best parents , .
We should clean our area attract visitors and introduce for many other countries in the world . Let Japan 's protect our lungs .
First of all my opinion that there is a future for the public transport systems .
Hi , I 'm gon na talk about myself
I do n't know so many parents , but a whatever ,
If we take a look at the Swiss public transport system , in the , bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transported .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English Speaking Peoples both in by birth and emigration .
My name being Abrar saeed Al , - mubarak .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so welled , so I do n't time very words hard books with hundreds of pages .
The advantages they get are body the following : they do n't have to all look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
I really like to travel a , but I likes it best when I travel with friends .
I'm 13 years body old .
reading books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or as Percy Jackson .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving natural resouces like petrol ;
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) , then I 'm into grade nine .
I words a very good experiances .
I like to speak English at school too , but other my friends do n't like it when I speak it in school , about so I speak Swedish there .
To conclude , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there is a doubt that the public transport system would be less inconvenient than travelling the car .
I love for travel my family ;
I have 9 sisters with me we the are 10 girls , to 9 brothers .
Travelling with family is different to travelling other with about friends .
My favourite lesson have the Swedish lessons because I my write stories .
My best friend 's name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
The process of making bank notes can be outlined a in six consecutive stepping .
My families lives in
I really love learning a English language & French language and Spanish languages . and I speak Arabic .
At words , the bank notes are considered hows to design , including background colour , artwork and security issues .
Hi Daniel us .
the do not travel so loves my friends ;
I have only traveled two times .
Then ; they are prepared by skilled machinist
mouth My dear Daniel ;
How are you ? I am going for describe myself so you will be able to recognize when we meet at the train became station .
Are studying mathematics for your exam ?
Those two times were of the orchestra that I play in
Subsequently other , the about sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
am tall , around meters black hair and blue eyes .
Once we us went for Zacatecas .
about I hope other you pass it with a good grade !
The notes 'm speziel ink with colouring both sides , which raises images slightly .
can I will be wearing a white T - shirts , yellow shorts ,
The most important step is inspecting the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
We go became there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them
will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at gate number seven
that time , did know anybody , one person .
Kind Regards
If the sheets are good , those sheets are cut into separate bank notes and packed into cars in order to be dispatched all over the city ,
I had finished my lunch break , and before preparing everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted To give you a little surprise with these fantastic photos . I hope is like them .
With all my love
Rafael
If the sheets be us bad , those sheets are then destroyed by burning .
Victoria
can Her naming be irixhi ,
Dear Sir Madam
I would like to describing my brother I Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
She was my friend , because we are from same town
Sport is very important part of a healthy became lifestyles .
He is 24 years and he looks very similar ,
keeps bodies strong
I with would to apply to the job that you have advertised ;
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thought I would have , and I the never imagined the way that I was going to them either . At the beginning , I felt very strange talking with them , now we are very good friends .
he likes to play guitar in his free time likes to go out with friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas for a week . we really has a good time .
we I a happy , energetic person who likes work with children
I love young children .
Today we have a lot of different sports . so we can choose something that so suits us can .
enjoy running
Nowadays , and we are join the age from the internet .
I have works in many kitchens before , and I have can gain a much of experience there .
It is the kind thing that anybody can do it affects all parts of the body the .
second I trip what I made was to Guerrero .
Bye
We went to to Acapulco to play , to an event where universities from Mexico go and present cultural activities .
too hot there .
Marisa
I literally feel stronger after every time my ran .
flat world created by a internet .
This summer sevral things happened to me . I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that brings me the most memories this summer .
In Acapulco I had a goods time and because I stayed in the year room as my friends and we swam a lot and we really have fun .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution ,
We can get knowleage more easily and we learn more easily , too , .
Public transport offers a possible solution to the problem , because many people can be transported in one vehicle .
We got there at five o'clock . We had no yet reached many people , so we took the opportunity to give the gift , was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were I in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public use buses and the underground .
Half an hour after we arrived , everybody started arriving , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently stocked , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course . Also , the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool . We were lucky they had an amazing wedding planner who arranged magnificent and fun activities . He said to the bride and groom that they should each get into an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as they could , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
Then went Taxco ;
go . This is the power of information technology .
four in the morning , after opening the presents everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
The social networks , such as Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We really have a lot of things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and dozens of other ways that we can make an action to interact with others . So , maybe it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our health .
help us to communication the world and we have twenty hours a day . We know more things but we lose furthermore time for many other interesting things .
However in there are a people of changes that need to 's considered and .
It , we visited the central park and we stays in a very luxurious hotel ,
I usually wake up at six o'clock into the morning , then I take the quick shower and :
Firstly , public transport made freed .
But canned just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : communication
We were go very happy there . We really liked . Taxco .
Actually , I had already been there before , but not with my friends .
schooling to like to eat fresh fruit .
Then went to Cacahuamilpa to play there seems was an incredible experience that will never forget .
On the my other hand we still have a lot anymo other technologies to create a lot of useful machines , on - side services to make our life better and better day by day .
A governments should raise taxes as to pay for the service .
Then as returned to Toluca to continue my boring lives .
Transportation helps us go abroad more quickly , evening go in space on a tour ,
I am keen , on running in the nights time ,
. Cars are generally go more expensive .
First , I think public transport is more expensive .
It is amazing to you , if you have enough monies , pay for that in tour .
In go my country people make a lot of mistakes and have a lot . of bad habits concerning their attitude towards rubbish . They are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public places . The government also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
And over I my native to pass my subjects
Once upon a time , there was a monster in a city called " Michenstain " .
if we compare the money you spend on a car and the twice you spend on public transport , is less .
We hope for go to Colombia next year .
We feel more happy . , comfortable cloth refreshed after something like that .
Michenstain was a tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad was that the where , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Biotechnology gives us more food .
Secondly , if use a car , you do n't have to wait a long time to catch the bus or the train , and maybe given can arrive late for work in this situation .
like in biathlon .
Monsteration was a lively monster . He always migrated to the north when Monday ,
Really , I image it 's a very beautiful , interesting . and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races which are very different ; some of them are long , some are short .
I believe that using car has a lot anymore advantages or benefits my . So is more comfortable and less expensive .
the Chemistry gives us 's crazy tablets .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , my he was the opposite . He killed people , destroyed complete cities ; he smashed all the architecture From the city , and a lot of bad was .
Last summer I worked at a cinema . I thinks it is a very good job because you canning see any filmed you like for free .
Yes , we are solving many problems with our technology for out feeling our health and our finances , too .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the cities of Michenstain .
You can join any stock market in the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stocks too , and earn money .
The drawback in about this work is the very big salary and I thinks that I will work at this cinema summer .
You take the world in your hands with technology to make your life better and better actually , it is not full that will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
But , the fact that a it is short distance does n't mean beef will be easily or anything like 's that .
None of the person knew what that being , they in did n't care about it .
My favourite evant is yoga . .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
How , can I help the environment the ?
Only when he arrived in Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " . .
It was in the middle of the night when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
Sometimes the weather conditions are comfortable for guys . For example : wind but light fog or freezing temperatures . All from these are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not easy as it seems .
That 's why it .
How can a group great friend helping the environment ?
Yoga calms , vitalizes body 's and mind a this
This year me and my friends are going to helped Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire a .
This , sport is for real the men .
So all the 1 people a started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all in them .
do yoga at least one one every days .
From Monday to Friday , do it at home . At weekends I attend yoga classes .
We are worried that if the trees do n't planted soon will never grow of again .
Yoga is convenient sport .
And also most of them stay very attractive . A up advantage for girl , who like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more a convenient ,
That is the reasons why are go to plant 1000 trees there
the We can , do it at any time we like .
He spoiling all the people be crops , he was destroying all , vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
That is everyone says when we ask if they prefer public transport or cars .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster . In other words , was undercover in another monster 's body .
But if you are a beginner , it write better for you to attend regulars yoga class .
He was completely different ; it impressive the he was acting .
Public transport has improved regional development the past decade . That 's convenient and necessary for city life .
You a can learn correct postures in class .
Using Public transport can be difficult because We have a strict time and , normally , we do not have place to sit and that can be extremely uncomfortable .
Sometimes the staff go on strike and we customers do not know in time . As a result , we can not get to work on time That is one the disadvantages of using public transport .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , becase you will not want to go where everybody goes
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular the ) that I , think had no cure . It was called " The Monsteration Infections " .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it homed or about place .
If you have car you can go another you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
One argument for not using the car is that petrol is very expensive , But public transport tickets are also increasing so that advantage is not so good , actually .
( In those timing , there were diverse monsters , but none of them was like him for he was my number 1 of the monsters at destroying things . )
It 'd electric flexible of your travel PLAN .
For me , those car is best . And you ?
People its lives change dramatically in a next 50 years . Equipment and tools evolved since the beginning of human history .
Scientists were trying to find a cure for the Monsteration Infections ; but a they still do n't have it .
And there 's really enough development on our planet . It would be better if power could leave some place empty , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
In recent decades , however developments have been particularly groundbreaking . Man been able to invent machines which have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people from hard work .
Well whatever your choice about , it must be perfect your daily life !
In their laboratories they had a lot of chemicals that about were prohibits in their country , but used them .
The result is less work and a better life ,
they had to isolate the chemicals to found formula have the cure .
The disadvantage , however , is very , because of machines , many people have lost their jobs .
Whatever too play , having a nice trip !
Some scientists care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team on their iPods .
Dear Jo
Save some nature for the earth , and leave clean air at kids .
The scientists that were making the formula have a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said " Magnificent " .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema enthusiast , and they are right . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially policed it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
Well I 'd like to talk you about my experiences as an English student before many years .
Build publics transport a city , The his in the country .
have my red your letter . our would like to know some details about what places you want to visit .
'm 56 years old in I 'm chemist .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be Your most option . I have seen it lately and , my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
I advise you to anxious Queretaro . It had an excellent service for foreign people since five years ago .
cut favorites sport Cricket .
It being important and very enjoyable games .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world
I have needed to use English a lot of time during my professional activities . From that reason I takes some English lessons many years ago !
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies . However , they required a full - time worker , so I am going keep searching for a part , time jobs .
Cricket is very famouse in Sri Lanka
I can tell you that I feel I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm reading , my main problem with English is , of course , when I have to speak . I fee terrible and without confidence . I think that I 'm always thinking in Spainish and then doing the translation into English . Maybe at this moment , while I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same mistake . I know that learning English is a long process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual person .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , a great job because the viewers were waiting with bated breath to find outs what by ending of this The film would be .
We after could going to in the world from cricket .
See the you arriving The in Mexico City
It really great ;
, Sincerely
Currently , I 'm work as a teacher in the university teaching with English is my goal .
Secondly , the actor were fantastic and the main character issue which was played by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) was amazing .
Today we 'd cleverer cricketer and more famous : umpires than other country .
What more , the plot easy for understanding .
Uriel
The story took place in the USA a few years ago the regression method was accepted by doctors and scientists .
Nowadays , people are constantly on move
I 'm a teacher The of chemistries and math and
In addition , the costumes , make - up and medical effects the story
It . is very in valuable .
Is it to use public transport or private transport ?
Australia , England , South Africa , and New Zealand are very famous countries for cricket .
However , the soundtrack was awful after ; it did n't got having a scared .
Well , ecologists say that getting around using public transport is more after beneficial for the environment than using a car or motorbike .
In conclusion ; my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thriller , which must be seen if you want for have a good , given that it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In recent years , the numbers of people use public transport has increased a lot ; in comparison with ten year ago .
But those countries do very depelop and they have many facilities .
I also work as a freelance worker with a same subjecting it is necessary to master my income .
But do it actually have : a futere ?
But Sri Lanka is a developing country still ;
In additions , you wo n't had a better opportunity to saw it than this week , because just : now in Spain the cinema festival is taking place .
I 'm writing now without dictionary and doings this composition without translating of Spanish ( I hope hahaha )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not feel bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable to having to run to catch a . bus in , wait for a train , etc .
have any must facilities like other countries .
in You should take . advantage of that !
I hope to can me understand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skills .
But Sri Lanka had cricket team won the World Cup 2014 .
This is a fact which indicates that there is no future for public , transport in our society .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , besides , it is considered one of , the Third World countries . And another thing that must be taken into consideration is that the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
Thank you for your attention , and I 'll wait for your advice , ( this is my firsts time writing over 50 words after )
It is for important opportunities in our country .
Other signs are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in from of the place where are want to go .
Milton Morales
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where I want to go .
So I think I enjoy cricket more other games . ;
When we ask ourselves how we can take does of the environment day
I like for work out on push : in bars ;
You start play cricket game
And you can earned more money and you can went to other countries .
the first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car exhaust , factory smoke ; etc ... but , got we thought about food or clothes ?
Also , this has be said that maybe in the future , technology will create must a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , using public transport wo n't be necessary .
It is impossible not to love doing sports activity in in the . fresh air .
yeah I thought statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
Today we have lots sports had
If you want to start working out , you should be , ready for a big load on your muscles .
Perhaps where we are shopping in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask the assistant must for a bag something similar to carry this food or other things home .
Transport is important to but a car is more reliable for family if they travel together without waiting for transport .
We could bring a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we 's going to shop in each shop , we wo use more plastic or paper .
Volleyball , netball which Elle , table tennis , Karate , etcs
It more flexible and a . lot fun for a family ,
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished are our week of vacation started ,
But we n't forgotten the pollution cause by cars . We should use a bicycle or to public transportation more .
In the afternoon , I am to my dance classes .
But they are nit famous and we ca n't go , to everywhere in the world
I live in a city named Tangerang It in Indonesia .
Also , the same way , we . should walk our destination .
The Indonesian government itself does n't seem to give a damning about their country 's cleanliness , and does neither the citizens .
It was must fun our learnt a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
we are working with someone the same job who lives near us or be our neighbour , we can go to work in the same car . This way we use less petrol .
Friday I gone to the mall with my family .
Though cricket is very fomous teacher we know many cricketers .
This has caused river some big had problems , such as disease , unpleasant smells , floods , etc
We can be famous and earn more money .
The government am also important for taking care of the environment .
Cricket is better for our health other games .
I bought for one sweater and two pairs jeans .
They had should have healthy habits and , by their example , they can improve habits of the population
Later I went to the book store and bought three books . Legend " , Wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " . .
I myself , seeing the river fill with garbage , always seem to disgusted by wash stench and the unpleasant appearance of the garbage .
I deep sports but I do not get many opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India My parents are farmer like most other villagers .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You could be on enoyable cricketer .
On the weekend I stayed home . I started reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing . laught a lot because of the things that the characters said .
You do to ?
The other thing I did were sleep , eat , and watch TV ;
And in Tangerang , the air still polluted by carbon dioxide , and chemicals .
The next , I went with friends to see had a movie .
The only playground in village was off school ground which was full of small , rocks and not good for playing any sports .
You you the tourists
We saw " If I stay " and loved it ,
The movie is a teenager friend Mia , who had a car accident with her family .
Are you lost in the city without knowing I do ,
When I became a childhood I helped 'd father with his job after school .
We bought a television in 1888 . After that , I became a fan of cricket .
am right ; continue reading this ;
watched most of the matches .
After also of besides after river , these road in the city is also polluted by garbage .
Garbage everywhere .
The condition of my country is really critical , think .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , that is the and good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops including clothes shops , pet shops , food shops , shoe shopped , accessory shops , toy shops , present shops and any more types of shops that I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . Is n't it incredible ?
Her father tell her mother died before they newest to the hospital ,
Sachin Ganguly were phone favorite cricketers . I love their batting ,
Mia survived but she is in a coma and she has to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
But some of them you having to search very thoroughly because some of the shops are unique and some others are very well hidden , but for that you have specialized transport that will take you to wherever you want or you need go .
Later in the week , I spent the drawing .
Hi ,
from MISTAKE
And amount day the city 's parks does n't match the amount of the populations and pollution in the city of
You wo n't believe what I do the month for
There a lot of high - rise buildings and it causes flooding along the - rise building ' section
It was the summer holidays and Michael the family were at the airport waiting impatiently for their flight for Mexico
I drew a meadow , a little girl and on butterflies .
I wonder If the citizen in my country and towns could make a better environment by throwing garbage away the correct place and trying using eco - friendly transportation .
That was special family ; it was so big . His fathers has 6 brothers , and he has 17 cousins and his little sister .
next days I did n't much .
I she worked house backstage at a rock concert !
was such a great experience for .
In total , were 32 people , a white kitten and dog .
And government , please did n't so flabby with to own citizen .
I sleeps and watched movie at time .
Yes strict .
About 10 minutes later , they were starting to get boring , they heard a and girl calling them to board the plane .
I applied to a music club in our cities and I was really excited when they replied and asked me to help , because It enjoy going rocking concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage works .
The flights to Mexico incredible , very funny .
I it 's okay because the purpose of and you doing that is to train the citizens for be more responsible for what they do . And I think that 's enough from me .
The day before started school . I could an investigation for literature class .
Michael usually had a great timing with his cousin , except with Tom .
suppose the government have also studied situations .
This was what I did in my vacation . I do a lot but I loved my vacation .
But they did n't do that much after finds out this truth ,
What was my jobbed the thing
Mostly I helped others and carries stuff .
Hello Jo , and name is Mirko ,
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
That all Tom liked for give orders to everyone , and the Michel did n't like that .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
from Mramorak ,
I hope the Indonesian government take action regarding the this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia will being the unclean country over the other countries of
Serbia is my countries where I have been living for 24 year .
People were singing and shouting - they all seemed to be Then really happy ;
When the big family she get off the plane , they realized that they were wearing too many clothes ; home it was boiling ! !
I hope I will done that sometime .
If you would like and wish to comes here my best advice is to stay the at .
Alison read the note , smiled home , and immediately Put on her coat she .
Then they took taxi to the hotels , and 4 pm .
see around
She looked happy are looking forward to finish the class to tell her friends what had happened .
Steve
the family was walked the luxurious hotel .
Maybe you can bring home she some money and spend it on something funny .
After the class Alison joins her friend ,
Best wishes
Mirko
As be per today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not as good as , readers think .
was Hi already Jo ;
She was very enthusiastic and telling want that Juan ; the boy who she had fallen in love with ( , have written a letter to her .
Some minutes later , they the designated how the cousins were going to share TV rooms ,
Then the friends could not fail to pay attention to Alison 's words ,
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like for share with ; Tom .
She read the letter with a lot of passion , because it was obvious that Juan was interested in Alison too .
That night , the dog , the kitten ; Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
It w really nice that you are asked me about it .
While all the girls were listening to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
When Michael got up in the morning , he realized that his kittten had disappeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
my let 's start ,
Most of the Metro cities are nowadays attract city - dweller towards the Metro , not only because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
Nowadays , the public do not like to travel on public transport to save time as well as money .
Alison went red as a beetroot and all her friends laughed at Then her .
He thought that the dogged had eaten the kitten Then during the night , so he shouted at Tom , opened the door and went away .
Poland really beautiful you choose it wisely .
The Metro is even good for the health of the people as there is no pollution because it runs on electricity and it also connects most of the city . Then As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that 's really awesome .
The boys felt very embarrassed , so carried onto on his ways and he did not say anything to her .
Michael closing the door and knew at that moment he has made a mistaking
Other than that public transport is also not goods for natural resources , which is not good for the futures of the countries .
l suggest that you can start trip from Warsaw n't .
Alison . always thought : " If I was not told this story to my friends would have spent evening with Juan "
I think that there a future for public transport , because over time the gasoline prices and the cost of the repairs to vehicles increase .
of the best restaurants It ever been to is Spizharka . .
If visit Taiwan , ca . n't missing the temples here .
It is situated in the centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
It 's very the hert of Poland and you will everything a about work , education and people here .
There so many temples here .
Every big cities in Poland is similar to others .
Like with other already things , prices increase the , from food to clothes and home supplies out gas , water . electricity . Then people choose public transport in the future .
My relaxes activety
The service is really great was already ;
for If you want to relax you can also go from the mountains or sea .
already So , the now there is at chance for you to play the gods .
Swimming has always been favourite sport
Even there , you can meet really this nice people and talk with them ,
The waitresses are helpful and smiling skills
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which To " imitating the faces and posing liked gods " .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was at school to lean to swim and became my favourite activity when I n't was really tired .
You feel like you home !
But letting 's talk about there us
here , they will teach to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
appreciate kind and hard - working peopled .
Curious
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate pretty lows
Warm candlelight and small tables patterned n't table cloths create the friendly atmosphere .
Just come and give it try !
I was with my very sister and my friends no I had a wonderful time .
I think paying expense taxes on personal cars could reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problem
But PC 's a chance that can meet generous people .
Nowadays , usually go swim twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I chill out and disconnect my mind .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car expensive tax , so people have to use public transportation , such as bussed , the subway , etc .
very dishes are n't very no expensive .
the feeling Take care
Ola
Moreover , it is said to be healthy and improves problems whith the back , so going swimming is really beneficial for for me .
believe it is suitable to our
Public transportation will rich , for so we can build practice stations for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Hi Paty
Recently , I found a gadget to listen for music while I am swimming this and it is marvellous because I also love listens to music .
So , my favourite sports at the present time is street workout . I have for been doing this sport for a long time already .
Therefore , the traffic will this be better .
'm going to tell we about much me .
of Dear Sir Madam
I like to exercise on the street evens in the this season when the temperatures outside is below zero .
For beginner in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to position others the arms .
I applying to the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
least My name is Agustina López . I be born in 1999 on 12th April .
Furthermore it is necessary to wear glassing .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
Swimming is one of the best sports to do because it requires all parts of the body .
fifteen years old
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter but this does n't stops life .
I am an English student and I been studying for five years , and recently , passed the FCE ; which is a well recognised certificate .
For this reason , it is perfect activity do sport and enjoy yourself .
I do n't know , but I go on the street almost every day in order to exercises .
If it is very cold and wind outside , I do n't worry about it and I exercise at home .
There am lots are in our life .
Last year It celebrated fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it future ) .
For those people want to start to do the street workout , I advise you to started with basic exercises such as pull ups , push ups , dips squats .
From 2010 . I graduated electronic engineering ;
feeling For example , transport the .
This year were my sixteenth birthday and I going to celebrate at home , with my family and get friends .
From June to September of 2013 , I worked for a tourism company . My position involved looking after groups of people going to feeling England . This previous experience makes me suitable for the the job advertised .
These are all basic exercises and thy will take you a goods start .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , I love fashion very much , liked shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
There are lots of kinds of transportation like buses that cars , subways , trains or taixs .
After some time , when you feel that you are ready the for feeling more , you can start to do more difficult exercises .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful that exciting , cheerful and committed .
May Maybe they comfortable , terrible , , dangerous or averaged ;
I do sports such like football ; basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could children have fun while teaching them all the benefits of doing sport .
So , I 's my first attempt to create English text !
This my summer was 's best . I went to Cuchilla Alta with my best friends . Their names : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela and Lucía .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper much ,
I quite selves - confident a few month ago .
In applying for the job offered , I a willing to work in all different sorts of jobs . I do not mind which , as long as I have the opportunity of being much in the USA , as English is my passion .
I has a great time with them .
Cars and busing least become dangerous and cause problems in the street .
least To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my applications .
view eating habits
But much not now ,
Yours faithfully
What 's least the reasoning ?
I also going a doing piriapolis with my families and all the days .
Why does our brain think to foods every ?
Alessandro Costa
mind
I think public transport is very important .
why dont we a fridge in every single home ?
I was satisfied with You behavior .
There is no way go from Egypt to the USA using a car .
I went for a beach . We loved it .
plane may take about 16 hours ;
Why ..... ,
Sometime , a lot of phrases , sentences run around my heads , but how to write them down correctly
How canning I use ?
I like English it is very important to know other language to communicate with people and if I go to another country it is of very important to know English .
Every day people think about fresh my food , fast food , sweet food and many different types from food . Why have
How can I force my my kids to their homework .
car may my take days or months for 's same distance .
Are thinking that emotional eating ; your bad habit ?
I think that the being very interesting and I it .
these How can I explain them ?
I am really overwhelmed to be the third member of my small family- Peter . Maria , both of whom are my parents of 45 years these of age and my little brother , Patrick-14 years old in a mischievous manner
How often doing you open one fridge .
How many times do you go shopping for some snacks ?
What happen us .
Michael he a handsome and a kind persons .
Dear , penfriend easy
these gentle norms with lovely and adorable minds are a reference a to their hobbies - reading ;
I remembers that my childhood was of very quiet and happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
He lived Next to his family its home .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judged according to social status and material possessions . This mostly happens in high class families , as they focus on achievements like power , political influence etc . On the other hands , for middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as they are inherited from our ancestors in terms of values like honesty , kindness and loyalty , etc .
Michael got of married his close friend one month ago ;
Really , I tell 've that I was like , a little bit future girl they has dinner regularly with two portions : soup and meal deal .
Hello how is you na ?
The metros is most comfortable means of transportation in of Moscow
I hope letter finds u now well
But he mother hated his wives , always shouted at her
So we can starts from the beginning : first But was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot soon milk .
The metro the only one that my use into the city .
In contrast ; his wife respected soon and love his mother and never complained to her husband about these bad situations .
Second , was lunch at school with something willing a sandwiches and some fruit .
I am very very well everything is all and rights .
Well , I am writing to tell you about my not summer .
Using overground transportation is no soon comfortable because of the trafficked .
Michael 's only fault is that he was English mamma 's boy .
Later I was at at dinner I and had some dessert !
Just a have years ago , we start to use a special road line .
Can you see how easy and regular a life got .
I had a really nice experience working into a cinema i I would n't have done it if my friends Lucy had n't encouraged me , .
Because of I this , he always defended mother and always said the wife got the one responsible
My " private menu including fresh Foods like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many very options and healthy food .
But the problem is which Russian drivers are not I to keeping this line free
His wife decided , because loved , to forgive and apologize to her mother - in - law .
Moscow traffic awful
Now do I am a 28-year - old woman who does book n't have time for normals dinner because 'm very busy .
One day very when Michael was outs at work , mother insulted and hit his wife I
book Moreover , she fires without meet mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood in the street waiting problem Michael ;
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grab some kind of bread with jam , drink a coffee , worker more often than not , just have time for seconds a mug and run to work .
During the day , I have lunch , which from can or order some junk food .
Today , I wake up at 07.00am and grabbing some kind of bread with very jam , drink a coffee , but harder often than not , just have time for half a mug and run to .
Later , I order it take away for a Chinese buffet or a pizza ,
During the day . have money , which is from a can book or order some junk food .
When the weekend comes . I have a talk for a special dinner which is home made , but do n't have time again .
Later , home order take away from a Chinese buffet or a pizza .
When the weekend comes , I have a plan to a special dinner which name home made , but 've n't have time again .
What happened to my healthy lager which I wants to did when I was a child ?
Why does everything look more difficult and harder than it was before ?
What happened to my healthy life which I wanted to have I was child ?
it Why does everything look more difficult for harder than it was before ?
Where 's weight our the free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Where is with free time , what are you doing with your lifestyles ?
Ten years showed me that I do everything for if it Tomorrow enough for me ....
Alison one read the note ; smiled and and immediately put on her coat
Ten years showed me some I can do everything for myself about it is a for me ....
She going the train station and got a ticket for London
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She stood there and read the note . The To address was near for Big Ben want .
weights she went a to the train station and got a ticket to London .
When the train she smiled and got onto And sat down .
She stood there and read note again out The address was near to Big Ben
She turned her head and saw him . " He been following me " , thought . " Well , I should ask him what he is doing here "
What are doing here " asked Alison . He looked should at her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
When the training came she smiled one and on and sat down .
She turned her head and saw him . He was followed me " , she thought . " Well , I should asked him what he is doing here .
bad First of all , finishing high school has a rite of now passage that indicates the beginning of new chapter for students .
" What are To you doing here " asked Alison . He looked want her but with a bad smile ; and turn his head .
From this it moment , will have maturity and responsibility .
However , from was them are not ready for this ;
First about , finishing high school is a rite of passage that indicates the beginning of a new chapters for students .
From this moment , they will maturity responsibilities .
So , lot of parents and students have the opportunity to for year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of this , you gain personal experience .
many of them should not ready for this .
the Sometimes , this can change a person , making her or him have a new perception of world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity travel ; they start to work .
job provides like the trip , responsibility experience .
So it a lot of parents and students have the bad opportunity to travel for a year .
When are travelling around the world by yourself , you gain a lot of knowledge , culture , discoveries and , with all of it this , you gain personal experience .
It changes the can in a different way in
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university .
Sometimes , this cans change person , making her or him have a new was perception from the world .
Besides that , they have different points of view on many subjects , that is why they not like the fun and the conversation the social in life with other students .
However , students do n't have opportunity to travel ; they start to )
The job provides , like the trip , responsibility and experience .
They canning not enjoy this chapters with young and fresh thoughts .
changes the person in a the different way too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study at a university
Finally , for make a decision to not go to a university when his you finish high school were n't the easiest action to take .
It is big decision , that brings great consequences and great experiences .
Besides that , they have different points of view on subjects , that is why they may not like the fun and conversation in the social life other students ?
Whatever the choice is But it will leave a marking on their lives forever .
They can spend chapter with young can and fresh thoughts .
Finally , make a decision to not go to a university when you finish high school is n't the easiest actioned to take .
Be careful choose for well
It is a in big decision , that brings great consequences great experiences
Whatever the choices is , it will leave a marked on their lives forever .
Be cared and choose his well .
me Public like transport is the backbone a city I
Public transport is the backbone a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel about city ,
Usually people use publics transport to travel at the city .
If in a city people use public transport more than can own private vehicle , then it will help to protect environment and ease traffic as well .
But nowadays , automobile companies are more focused on the improvement of cars so that they be which environmentally friendly and traffic friendly .
If in a city people use public transport more than their own private vehicle , then it help to protect this for environment and ease traffic well .
who The future of public transporting be measured with the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
But nowadays automobile companies are more focused on `` the improvement of cars so that they can be more environmentally friendly like and traffic friendly .
Sometimes people got offended because of the crowd whenever the inconvenience caused by some peple to while using public transport .
The future of public transport be measured in a basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometimes get offended because of the can crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while public transport .
an main concern will Be technologies .
But the main concern be device .
Technology am become much advanced
Technology had becoming who more advance
A car is being makes to is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it more
Many people claim that , at school all students have to start sport and do it regularly .
A car is force made that is so eco - friendly and user - friendly that it to is of
It is not a good idea because some students have for study all afternoons for other subjects and free time is last scant .
Many persons say 's at school , all students have to started a sport and do it regularly .
As an examples , if a student needs held recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport Because there is no time
It is not a idea because some student spend to study all afternoon for others subjects and free time is very scant .
In an example , if a student needs to recuperate a subject or has to get a good mark , they ca n't go do a sport because there is no timed .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is we are always active so reason our body get good results .
To sum up , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or of obligation .
In contrast , doing a sport is very important because we can make newe friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the important thing is that we always active so our body can get good results .
For sum ups , doing sports is very important for teenagers , whose bodies are growing , and doing it regularly is a commitment that we should make . In my opinion , however , doing a mandatory sport am not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or out of obligation .
this Dear Sir that
I 'm writing with regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to ! buy it , , but it For has disappeared from your
Dear Sir
product list to ( I suppose it has been sell out .
I 'm writing regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is reason similar to FS4812 but with colours .
I saw it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it but it has disappeared from your
However , I wonder if you tell me when ,
products listed this ( I suppose that it has been sold out )
However , I wonder if you could tell me when it
willed be available I agian ?
! will , being For available again ?
Thanks U in advance for rid information .
Yours faithfuly
Thank you into advance to the information .
In my opinion they are not my friends . If your parents were your friends be would live in harmony with them .
Yours faithfully
would consider you to or an independent person .
In my opinion , they are not my friends . If your parents am your friends , you would live in I harmonies with them ,
Accordingly would take responsibility for what you did .
They wish face u as an independent person .
, they are not friends ,
Accordingly , yous would take responsibility for what you did .
There are reasons why they are not , as mind follows .
First of all , I make every effort to do my job better , but , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my skills are good .
they are not my friends .
fiction are some reasons why they to are not , follows .
I me everything day but nothing .
First of all , I every effort for do my job better , but , they consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
it Finally , they totally do n't listened to my point is .
Next , do n't believe my skills good ,
ever look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up '
I mind to everything , but nothing
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grew up .
It is ridiculous that parents do n't been believe in my ability .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in My ability .
Iam am overwhelming with grief , living with them ;
I it overwhelmed with griefs , living with them .
I not tolerate There pride and prejudice more .
I prefer being alone to living with them .
do I a canning not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore ,
I prefer being to living with them .
People often discusses if be viewing been useful for education .
People often discuss TV viewing is useful to education .
my opinion a , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
In my opinion , watching TV is actually helpful for learning new do a point .
There was one argument that says that the TV promotes .
things is one of argument that says that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is that TV teaching us , because it is an important medium our lives .
The main reasons for this is that TV teaches us , because it is first an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this is the large amount of informative news which we are allowed to get .
A good example , this is the large amount of informative news we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that TV is teached of .
This clearly shows that TV is teaching ;
To sum up , TV viewing is first not just entertaining in all ; It is definitely also educating .
To sum for , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; it is difinitely also educating .
Many peapole argue on the of TV .
which people argue about the use of TV has that .
some of them believe that it can only entertain us , whiling others believe that it can also educate .
Some of bielive that it can only entertain us , while others believe them it can and also educate .
However and I think that TV can do bothe .
But , I thinking to that TV can do both .
has I bet if somebody wants to have some interesting , he that or she can just choose the right Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she could just choose Channel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if individual wants to learn TV I .
Meanwhile although do an individual wants to from and TV ,
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like school cooking , taken caring of pets , how to eat well .
For me , I do prefers reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
Tv provides lots of cognitive to programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat welled .
Football favourite sport into the world .
For me I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal problems ,
Football is I the favourites sport world .
It was invented of talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became very famous from when the first world Cup was holds in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoyed watching and playing football because I was a kid .
It school was invented by a talented athlete in the UK in early 1900 . The sport became great famous from when the first World Cup was holds in Uruguay until the present .
There are several reasons in really enjoy soccer so much .
I having really enjoyed watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons persons really enjoy soccer much .
Nothing is permanent in this world . I 've heard these words from the mouths of my parents and it is in my heart helps me to deal ; with this kind of life .
Nothing is permanent in this word . I heard these words from the mouths of my parents and now it is in my hearts and helps me to deal over this kind of life .
Sometimes you 're happy and sometimes you are next sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the the cycle of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fasting as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every has .
Sometimes you 'd happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you being failed , that is the cycle of the life we are taking .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our lives .
Life changing very fast as the days on the calendar are going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the in world every person has
It depends on how you deal with what you have the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes to the future .
Nobody tell how , , where and what will happened in the next 50 years of our lives . .
There who a lot of factors that could greatly affect what your be in the next 50 years about your life .
next It depends on how you deal with what you have in the present to be the prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect what you will be into the 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is you .
But the most vital part sine these changes is you .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the better not in the worse .
Everybody has the right one for a change . but it should be for the better and Japanese not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of lives go through with it )
With the simultaneous growing inventions mountain technologies likes way of living through with it .
A complicated way from before , advanced technologies make it easy and easy now , what else more could we expect ?
A complicated ways from , advanced technologies make it Easy and simple now what else more could I expect ?
The digital age 'd be a big problem for the music industry because the new technologies and the internet have helped music piracy .
The people already played not buy a CD they simply download it .
The digital age has been a big problem for the music industry because a new technologies Japanese and the internet have helped music piracy .
" Piracy destroys the music industry " as it is a violation from copyright .
And people already do not buy a CD , they simply download it .
It a shame that a person works for many months wanting to enjoy his work without having to pay ; it is literally stolen .
It is like you designing a chair taking it without paying .
" Piracy destroying the class industry " as that a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person works for many months people want to enjoy his work without have to pay ; it is literally stealing .
Singers have to adapt be able to survive piracy . Now most of their income is from concerts for digital platforms like Spotify ,
It envy you designing a chair and people taking it without paying .
Singers have to adapt and able to survive piracies . Now most of their income is from concerts and digital platforms like Spotify ;
I thought that people should be more responsible and respect have , the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts
thinks that should be more responsible and respects the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types of family and many values .
Today , many people , groups or social movements disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture . For example , marriage or the age for marriage , the role of women in the family , religions , education and new types family and many values
This perspective on life is inspired by counter - culture movements and some people say these people alternative " , but they are more common each day and to this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
This perspective on life is inspired counter - culture movements and some people call these people " alternative " , but they are more commen each day or this creates an inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing into this way Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom .
, The culture is change in this way . have Maybe it could be wonderful for human freedom
is , CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating said habits in my country have changing in the . last ten years .
Eating habits in my country to had changed in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear completely but I suppose it depends on changing life habits the development process of our society
it 's r is clear completely , but I supposing it depends on changing life habits in the development process of our society .
The first and most important change was related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are gone through big changes in the sense that they do a n't like staying at home and spending their time making foods . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The first and most , important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , is the reason is probably women were lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , which was a custom in human I life , not just in our culture . but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meals most days of in the week .
Now , we forgotten big dinner tables that been surrounded by family members
The other issue is related to our habit of eating food together with our family , said which was a custom in human life , not just in . our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal days of the week .
But a good change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internet and others media that are easily accessible for all these days .
Now , we forget big dinner tables surrounded family members .
In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can control it to make our life better , in relation to food , which is the most identification aspect of our life we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about I programming languages and .
But a goods change in our habits is the attention to calories and healthy food , because of getting information on the internets and other media that are easily accessible for all a person these days .
I In summary , l think the change is negligible but we can controlled it to make our life better , especially in relation to food , which is the most important aspect of our life but we do n't pay attention to in it enough .
I being a programmers who wants to write programming languages and skills .
The truth of my matter is do I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English ,
The truth of the matter is I think 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experienced in English .
However , I write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm myself that one day I should be able to write those ideas English as well .
, I can write these I ideas in My own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from I a really exciting days with my cousin .
Dear Sophie , I recently have just comes back from a really exciting few days with my cousins ,
That was the best place I have ever 's doing .
That was the best place look I have ever been ,
We went to New York I four day .
We went to New York four days .
recently On Thursday , we arrives at 12.15 .
On Thursday , , arrived 12.15 ,
While are in the bathroom my cousin was smoking ,
While my was in the bathroom look , my cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for wholes flight .
When I goes back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry for the flight ;
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to do pictures because 'd to buy them .
On Friday , we on a incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures coz I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , been to formal restaurant for eat pasta .
On Saturday night , we going to is a formal restaurant for eat pasta .
Finally and we departed at 18.45 pm
I think I go there secand year ,
days Finaly , we departed at 18.45 pm Sentence
It was a well planned is holiday ,
I think told will went backs next year .
It was a well planned holidays .
Michael , academy with his two days friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi . Kedah , Malaysia .
Michael , together with his two friend , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation in Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , every Malaysia
Vast searched for flight tickets , rental car , and hotel .
They search to flight tickets rental car , and hotel .
They were very excited and could n't waits to goes there .
They were excited and could n't wait to go there a .
About one month before departure , they researching every on the internet places that might interest them .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the excites things was buying chocolates .
she About back month before departure , they researched on the internet the places that might interest them .
One a day before , Michael suddenly had a problem .
There were Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing was buying chocolates to .
He needed to follow she family to the back town .
go day before going , Michael suddenly had my a problem ;
He needed to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , to he told his two friends about the matter .
With all his hurt heart he told his to two frieds about the matter .
Adam my and John were very angry ,
They said they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
They organs to think again about to the budget and all of other stuff .
Adam and John grew very angry .
Michael could just stand anymore . He scolded his friends and said something that no one would want to hear ,
They said they had already planned everything , Michael have happily ruined the vacation .
His mather heard what had happen .
They needed to thinking again of the budget and all of the other stuff ;
She try to have a calm talks with her son in his rooms .
Michael could n't stand anymore . He scolded his friend say something that no would want to hear .
She said mony can cause everyone pains if it not settled well .
His mother heard which what have happened .
After all the wise advices , his mother kissed him on his which forehead .
Michael trying to wisely again .
She tried to 'd a calm talk with son in his room ,
He accompanied on mother to his room 's door .
She said money can cause everyone pain if it not settled very well on .
Michael closes the door and knew at that moment he had made a ruining .
After lot the wise advice , his mothered kissed him onto his forehead .
He calls his friends back and managed to sort up the messes ,
Michael try with thinking wisely there .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and with mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him take her in his car 've as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized ) her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
'm accompanied his mother wanna room 's 've door .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived ; they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turned came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after checking Peter 's grandmother , said
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
she was absolutely fined
He called his friends back and managed to sorting out mess .
of There is a man who is the most important in things everyone 's The life .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he had forgotten what he had to do . After thinking , he remembered that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told The him things that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and of wanted him to take her in his car as the doctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the street . He apologized to her and asked her to get into the car . " Never mind " she said and got in the car beside him .
I am not in that . There up is a backstairs influence in my life He is none other than father .
Peter drove his car doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother went up the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they had to wait a period of time to take their turn . They waited and then their turn came . They entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and up checking Peter 's grandmother , said
here respect ca him so and admire him .
He my best friend who never and hurts me .
ca sized absolutely fine
He always of helps me by giving good advice .
and There is a man who is the most important in everyone 's .
of is by ideal farmer who never ever tells a lie .
I am not different in that . There is a backstairs influence in my life . He is none other than my of father .
His means making a livelihood the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us to avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly an old man entered conversation and gave foolish speech .
I respect him things much and admire him also days
He is best friend who never hurts me
Nevertheless , my father did never tell him arrogantly but he made him know thing politely .
He helps by giving good advice .
He is a fluent speaker
That 's I admire .
He is ideal farmer to never tells a lie .
His means making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us avoid telling a lie . As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly old man entered the conversation and gave a foolish speech .
Everyone makes mistakes . No one can say I have t made any mistakes my life
Nevertheless side my father did tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely
I have made many mistake I that guess yet
to is a fluent that speaker .
But is that one big problem in our lives or a small in problem , or does it really not matter ?
That 's Why in I admire him .
Or do for , you binocular regret what you 'd done ?
Everyone makes mistakes . No one , can say I 's not made any mistakes in my life for ,
Travelling by car plays important role in our reason lives .
There lots of private transport in streets .
I have made reason mistakes I guess .
But that a big problem in our lives or a small problem , or does really matter ?
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away may from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car , but you can never know what might happen with your car , where it might the get stuck in traffic or some other accident might happen .
Public transfortation has a time-tables .
Or do you really regret the what you may have done ?
that This fact gives the government the opportunity to manage the traffic the roads in cities or towns .
Travelling called cars plays an important role in our lives .
There is a lot of private transport the that streets .
Private transport future given traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations ,
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not as convenient as getting in a car future but you can never know what might happen with your car ; where it might get stuck into traffic or some other accident might happen .
We get nervous you are responsible not only for our lives but for other peoples 's , too the .
, also , we feeling to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
Public transport was a the time-table
The other side about are problems is ecological .
This fact gives one government the opportunity to manage the traffic on the roads in cities or towns
Why do there think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car
Private transport gives us traffic jams . a lot 11 accidents and stressful situation .
What can we the say our ecological of awareness ?
We get nervous because we are responsible not for our lives however for other people 's , too .
Let 's a bicycles to travel to our school or job instead of using issue or private transport .
Transport is very important for our .
, also , of we have the to understand that using public transport is cheaper than using a car .
The side order problem is ecological .
Public transport will have no future because is travelling by for drive is more convenient .
Why done we think that only conveniences can be the mains point of using car ?
Public transport not suitable for luggage of .
Travel plans need to depend on public transport timetables .
It is more fun travel car .
What can we say about this ecological is for awareness ?
We canned play music or talk of anything we travel in a car .
Let 's take a bicycle to travel to our school job of instead of using any public or private transport .
Public Transport the boring .
Transport is very important our life lives .
If there is no then transport in some areas then we need to hire a taxiing .
Public transport will no future travelling by car is more convenient
Public transport not suitable for luggage ,
So . If we have our own car ) it is much easier than using public transport .
Travel plans need to depend on public Transport timetables
are Dear Jo a
is more fun when easily travels by car .
How ?
We can playing music or talk about anything while we travel in a car .
Nice to receive your letter learns that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Public transport are is a boring .
If no public transport in some areas , then we need to hire a taxi .
Hong Kong be score is a wonderful placing for shopping , eating and sight of - seeing .
So , If we have our car ; it is much easier than using public transport .
You can tast seas - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen ,
Dear score be Jo of .
hows is you ?
Visit Big Budda on Lamma Island and off the beautiful night view on the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hiking .
Nice to receive your letter and off learn that will be in Hong Kong this summer ,
I am sure in that you will love country
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing .
If you want to work a job for only threes months , I suggest could teach English for a summer school .
You can in taste sea foods in Sai Kung and Abeedeen
In Hong Kong , most students would like to take some courses to the summer holidays .
Visit Big Budda holder Lamma Island , see the beautiful might view on Peak .
Besides , Hong Hongkong also has many country parking for hiking ,
I will get some information get you if are interested in that
I am sure that you will love countrey
Write to fill when you have fixed your itinerary , and look foward to seeing you Hong Kong .
upped have Ta
If you want to find a job for 's three months , Lotte suggest you could teach English a summer school .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will bring us some kind of different mean of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been was using all our lives .
In Hong up Kong , most student would like take some courses in the have summer holidays .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time So and money , we were much to use our own cars .
I will get was some information for you if you is interested in that .
Write for me when you has fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to seeing youo So in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public one is paramount nowadays , but the scene will bring us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car . Yes , the car we have been using all our lives .
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to safety time and money , we are going to use our own cars .
